README.md, before:

# Tutorial: Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions
This repository contains the sample code for the [Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions tutorial](http://tiny.cc/s4-ext-authentication).

*This code is only one part of the tutorial, so please follow the tutorial before attempting to use this code.*

## Description

The [Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions tutorial](http://tiny.cc/s4-ext-authentication) showcases how you can configure the connectivity from your SAP Cloud Platform Neo account to your SAP S/4HANA Cloud tenant when setting up side-by-side extensibility applications. Simple Java and SAPUI5 applications are used as an example that you can implement in your own landscape to check how you can use these different authentication types.

#### SAP Extensibility Explorer

This tutorial is one of multiple tutorials that make up the [SAP Extensibility Explorer](https://sap.com/extends4) for SAP S/4HANA Cloud.
SAP Extensibility Explorer is a central place where anyone involved in the extensibility process can gain insight into various types of extensibility options. At the heart of SAP Extensibility Explorer, there is a rich repository of sample scenarios which show, in a hands-on way, how to realize an extensibility requirement leveraging different extensibility patterns.


Requirements
-------------
- An account in SAP Cloud Platform with a subaccount in the Neo environment and an SAP Cloud Platform Java server of any size.
- An SAP S/4HANA Cloud tenant. **This is a commercial paid product.**
- [Java SE 8 Development Kit (JDK)](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) to compile the Java application.
- [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) to build the Java application.

Download and Installation
-------------
This repository is a part of the [Download the Sample App](https://help.sap.com/viewer/8ce29283d61a4bca96e9e7d87c95baa3/SHIP/en-US/b2517f22190a44288103789946e885f1.html) step in the tutorial. Instructions for use can be found in that step.

[Please download the zip file by clicking here](https://github.com/SAP/s4hana-ext-authentication/archive/master.zip) so that the code can be used in the tutorial.


Known issues
---------------------
If you are working with an SAP Cloud Platform _Trial_ account, you must add the following 2 properties to the destination so that the connection to SAP S/4HANA Cloud works:
```
proxyHost = proxy-trial.od.sap.biz
proxyPort = 8080
```

How to obtain support
---------------------
If you have issues with this sample, please open a report using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/SAP/s4hana-ext-authentication/issues).

License
-------
Copyright © 2019 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed under the SAP Sample Code License except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE file](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions
Migrate from SAP Cloud Platform Neo environment to Cloud Foundry
environment

README.md, after:

# Tutorial: Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions
This repository contains the sample code for the [Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions tutorial](http://tiny.cc/s4-ext-authentication).

*This code is only one part of the tutorial, so please follow the tutorial before attempting to use this code.*

## Description

The [Set Up Authentication for SAP S/4HANA Cloud Extensions tutorial](http://tiny.cc/s4-ext-authentication) showcases how you can configure the connectivity from your SAP Cloud Platform Cloud Foundry account to your SAP S/4HANA Cloud tenant when setting up side-by-side extensibility applications. Simple Java and SAPUI5 applications are used as an example that you can implement in your own landscape to check how you can use these different authentication types.

#### SAP Extensibility Explorer

This tutorial is one of multiple tutorials that make up the [SAP Extensibility Explorer](https://sap.com/extends4) for SAP S/4HANA Cloud.
SAP Extensibility Explorer is a central place where anyone involved in the extensibility process can gain insight into various types of extensibility options. At the heart of SAP Extensibility Explorer, there is a rich repository of sample scenarios which show, in a hands-on way, how to realize an extensibility requirement leveraging different extensibility patterns.


Requirements
-------------
- An account in SAP Cloud Platform with a subaccount in the Cloud Foundry environment and Destination and Authorization & Trust Management services enabled.
- An SAP S/4HANA Cloud tenant. **This is a commercial paid product.**
- [Java SE 8 Development Kit (JDK)](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) to compile the Java application.
- [Apache Maven](http://maven.apache.org/download.cgi) to build the Java application.

Download and Installation
-------------
This repository is a part of the [Download the Sample App](https://help.sap.com/viewer/8ce29283d61a4bca96e9e7d87c95baa3/SHIP/en-US/b2517f22190a44288103789946e885f1.html) step in the tutorial. Instructions for use can be found in that step.

[Please download the zip file by clicking here](https://github.com/SAP/s4hana-ext-authentication/archive/master.zip) so that the code can be used in the tutorial.

Known issues
---------------------
There are no known major issues.

How to obtain support
---------------------
If you have issues with this sample, please open a report using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/SAP/s4hana-ext-authentication/issues).

License
-------
Copyright © 2020 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed under the SAP Sample Code License except as noted otherwise in the [LICENSE file](LICENSE).
